now with splash screens!
[insert text here!]
ghe unlitmat eodoeriace¡
talent!
best way to destroy friendships!
made with pygame;
test
ʎddᴉɹʇ
now with more snakes!
stylish!
invisible studio code!
Calculated Speed: 68.0
tfdsfu
no longer contains konami code!
is there a limit to this? fbfvduoisgjvasidugbvdsauihvsduabhudsgvhobaigbvusjdvhudsb8aszuigvh8zuidsgavhas8udivgxhnsua9ivshd89asiuobgrhv8naudzisbhizusbu0tijsgdh8uegh8u9rzh9ezcdgnuih829g4ubrb9rgz8rbjeifhdg8uwhdg8z9fdvuidhbz7erwghj8rhew95hb8gubreu8g29b2bu989n38nrz3gh38u3bjgrk39beuhgnez7duhge9qn8wuit3rhn8girh28zurbfhdnisghgkxgnidhjkmngsuig00qino4u7qghb8zen57vunrng8u25nrg8735n8zrnt8rznvxyuzhe8zaegbgnubjgauazgbjryzersbegyszbgiu
real people, or are they?
Eh, still works
69 :D
ATOMKRIEG10
0% clash royale
heheheha
triplication!
do you believe in our lord and saviour jesus christ?
now with more spelling mistakes!
TIPP10 is for nerds
∞ + 1 = ∞
s p a c e
azerty was a mistake
ß, B or S?
snake civilization
you. me. gas station.
got my skin from my mother
pointycircle.png
repl.it is a potato
♫ I'm in in the crib drinking Dr. Perky ♫
VAMOOOOS
[insert text- wait no I already did this]
TakTok
topdowntest
outside joke?
Super Idol的笑容 都没你的甜 八月正午的阳光 都没你耀眼 热爱105°C的你 滴滴清纯的蒸馏水
... . -.-. .-. . - ..---
1399153522 1702114048
https://cryptii.com/
relevant!
Never gonna give you up
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and desert you
Never gonna make you cry
Never gonna say goodbye
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you, never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you, never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you, never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you. We've known each other for so long. Your heart's been aching, but you're too shy to say it (to say it). Inside, we both know what's been going on (going on). We know the game and we're gonna play it. I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling. Gotta make you understand. Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you, never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you, never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you, never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you, never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you, never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
ooweeeeee
mexicans am I right
bing chilling
en español por favor denke shun
not paying attention in class...i mean im paying FULL attention
armin lusche
not made with unity
a bouquet of trash to celebrate your loss
Futur III
listen to Distractible!
sna ag  game YYAYAYAY
1 ≠ 0, right?
3.1415926535897932384626433
What the duck did you just funking say about me, you little ditch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the luck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my sucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shoot to me over the Internet? Think again, tucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, nugget. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're trucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable bass off the face of the continent, you little shot. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your yucky tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, your god's dam is an idiot. I will lift fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're big king dead, kiddo.
0% NFTs!
lactose-friendly!
but when I turned around...
a stack of splashes
you have to go back... back to the future!
80085
helo your computar hav virus
not tested for farlands
won't age well
sussy ඞ
jesse!
too lazy to make ray-tracing
MLG crouch!
prototyped in Scratch!
and if ya keepin' it real, you need two copies!
OMG I FINALLY GOT THE SNAKE WORKING
if you are getting ""'NoneType' object is not callable" errors, get rid of the brackets
trello FTW!
PVPrec
Where Cam_E?
*RING* Hello? Hello?
Pikachu is overrated tbh
LForLee was here
No, Pokémon GO is not dead. You're dead...inside.
I want to eat some pizza...but only on Friday. This way I can eat healthy for [school environment club thingy] with some healthy tomatoes and cheese. Shoot, where'd cheese come from again?
Gotta catch em all.
25% pokemon, 75% needing help. Correction: 100% needing help
we probably shouldn't build a wall
are you a text-to-speech deepfake?
boomer moment
is 123456 your password
An 🍎 a day keeps the 👨‍⚕️ away...or does it 😈
A doctor a day keep t h e a p p l e away
Eb is better than E#.
Happy Birthday to you! Marmelade im Schuh. Aprikosen in die Hosen. Und...well that ending just is a little not PG.
my favorite (not british) name is merry cane ;)
Emote time!
According to Rick Astley, "Don’t give up hope"
If you're hungry, don't
Dutch data is OP
I AM NOT A MORON
YES YOU ARE! YOU ARE A MORON DESIGNED TO MAKE *ME* AN IDIOT
Time to teach you about type matchups Maybe you've heard about the classic type triangle Water is super effective against fire, fire is super effective against grass, and grass is super effective against water Conversely, fire is not very effective against water, grass is not very effective against fire, and  water is not very effective against grass Well, time to expand from this novice type triangle There are more triangles in terms of type matchups, if you look close enough An example of this is fighting, rock, and flying Fighting is super effective against rock, rock is super effective against flying, and flying is super effective against fighting You can also see that the same thing is the case for the fact that rock is not very effective against fighting, flying is not very effective against rock, and fighting is not very effective against flying People often like to rank types into usefullness. I personally find all types to have their own uses, but there are 3 types in particular that I think should be on every, if not almost every, team. Ground, fighting, and steel are these types. Ground and fighting are both incredibly strong offensive types. Ground can hit fifteen types for effective or higher damage, and can hit fire, electric, poison, rock, and steel for super effective damage. Also, Pokémon like Groudon, Landorus (and its Therian form), and Zygarde benefit from this type since they can hit a lot of things for big damage. Reminder, super effective states that you do 2x more damage, and not very effective states that you do 0.5x damage. Another reminder, STAB stands for Same Type Attack Bonus, and is why you often want to teach your Pokémon moves that match their typing Not in every case, sometimes you just want a Pokémon that has status moves, which do not inherently cause damage, but may be in some cases, like the move Toxic, a side effect of the move. But hitting the enemy Pokémon for big damage is vital for winning fights. Anyways, back to what I was saying before. Ground is one of the rare types, however, that can hit a typing for no effect. That is it's biggest weakness, because flying is also an optimal type that can find a good time switching into an Earthquake, which is an 100 base power move that hits everyone on the field. In addition, there are two abilities (Levitate and Earth Eater) that can either prevent being attacked by ground type moves no matter the defending Pokémon's type, but also can heal such Pokémon by a solid amount when receiving damage from a ground type move. It is also not very effective against bug and grass, but add a fire typing to your Pokémon, and although you are 4x weak to a water type move, in the case of a Pokémon with such typing and Steam Engine, like Coalossal, and you have a pretty crazy Pokémon. Of course, there is always a way to hit the Pokémon. Adding a fire typing adds more weaknesses. But you get the point. Moving on to fighting, fighting can hit 12 types for effective or super effective damage, although it does find itself not very effective to 5 different types that are more powerful, and it has no effect against ghost type Pokémon. Pokémon like Lucario, Koraidon, Annihilape, and Mega Blaziken benefit from this type since they can hit a lot of things for big damage. Steel, on the other hand, is a great defensive typing. It gets multiple resistances, against 10 different types, and one Pokémon, Poison, has no effect on it. The only case of any Poison thing hitting a Steel type Pokémon is if a Poison type has Corrosion and uses Toxic. Some good defensive Pokémon with this type are Ferrothorn, Zamazenta Crowned, and Corviknight.
If you were interested in Pokémon but forgot about all of this, I hope I helped reignite that spark.
1. Socks are amazing 2. They are very important 3. Without them you die
Hamilton of the top of my head: The ten dollar, founding father without a father, went a lot farther by being a lot smarter by being a self-starter by 14, he did something to get him a something charter. Pretty good I think
Why do I see 2 people in my face that look like Thing 1 and Thing 2?
If you got this splash text, it means you need to get water
If you got this splash text, it means you need to get a pretzel
If you got this splash text, it means you need to get a bagel
If you got this splash text, it means you need to get vegetables
If you got this splash text, it means you need to get fruit
If you got this splash text, it means you need to try some new food
Question for you at home: What is the 2nd biggest country in population? Please don't say Africa, that's what someone I know said.
Zoooooooooooooom
Whoever created this splash text is goated with the sauce.
If there was a bald man across my table, and he would try to make splash texts, I would cringe internally and externally
Gordon doesn't need to hear all this, he's a highly trained professional.
I never thought that I would experience a resonance cascade, let alone create one.
I can't wait to look at pictures of myself in 10 years, and cringe to eternity. Lol.
Clodsire and Brambleghast are probably my top 2 favorite new generation 9 Pokémon. Ignore the fact that one of them is just a big bean Pokémon and the other one is tumbleweed.
c4 is a really great first move in chess, what is another one you know of?
AI FOOD???? asdjkoasjfkdla
New commit: removed half of the splash texts by shortening the class matchup ones
My wife still misses me, but her aim is getting better!
Sir! You need to pay for those!
100% dragon free!
KRIS WHERE THE HELL ARE WE??????
KRIS GET THE BANANA!!!1!!!!1!
"Ah, this is gonna be fun! And if it's not, it's your fault." - Schmitty, Quiplash
No text wrapping!
the logo is irrelevant
a logo of terrible proportions
Fine... whatever... I give up... JUST KIDDING! INSANE ENDLESS MODE!
i don't remember half of the references i make in these
You can say "I'm the best" in arabic by saying "Ana Ahbal"!
number 16: falling chair hits children in playground
oh no she's playing the piano again
also try minceraft!
EVERYTHING IS AWESOMEEEEEE
a conflict of epic proportions
politics are booooring